## Basic Apache HTTPD Configuration on RHEL7
A default configuration file is written to ``` /etc/httpd/conf/httpd.conf ``` post installation of the web-server package group or the httpd package group.

Contents of ``` /var/www/html ``` are served out by the configuration for requests coming in to any hostname over plain http.
The basic syntax of the **httpd.conf** file comprises 2 parts, namely **Key Value** configuration directives, as well as
**HTML-Like** **< Blockname parameter >** blocks which in turn consists of other directives for configuration embedded in them.

Below are some of the important areas of the default configuration file:

1 - ``` ServerRoot /etc/http ```
	This is where *httpd* will look for any files that are referenced in the configuration files with a relative path name.

2 - ``` Listen 80 ```
	**httpd** starts listening on port **80/tcp** on all interfaces. This directive also allows for listening on select interfaces. For example *172.16.20.1:80* for *IPv4* or *[2001:db8::1]:80* for *	IPv6*.

3 - ``` User apache ```  ``` Group apache ```
	These 2 directives specify the user and group the **httpd** daemon should run as. Http always starts as **root**, but once all actions that need root privilages have been performed, root-privilages are revoked and execution is continued as a non-privilaged user.

4 - ``` ServerAdmin root@localhost ```
    Some errors generated by httpd allow users to report a problem by including a link. Setting this to a valid email address will make the webmaster easier to contact for users. Leaving this as the default value is not recommended.

5 - ``` <Directory />
            AllowOverride none
            Require all denied
        </Directory> ```

    - The <Directory> block sets configuration directives for the specified directory as well as all descendant directories.
    - AllowOverride none, .htaccess files will not be consulted for per directory configuration settings. Changing this will have performance penalty and security ramifications.
    - 


	